{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red199\green203\blue211;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
inf.paintings.think\cf2 \cb3 	\cf2 \cb3 Sophia is an artist from France. Sophia's art teacher, Marie, thinks that Sophia created ___ paintings last monthXXX 18 YYYY 26\cf2 \cb3 \
inf.paintings.announce	\cf2 \cb3 Sophia is an artist from France. Sophia's art teacher, Marie, announced to me that Sophia created ___ paintings last monthXXX 18 YYYY 26\cf2 \cb3 \
\cf2 \cb3 \
inf.books.think	Daniel is a man from the UK. Daniel's colleague, Sarah, thinks that Daniel read ___ books last yearXXX 37 YYYY 52\
inf.books.announce	Daniel is a man from the UK. Daniel's colleague, Sarah, announced to me that Daniel read ___ books last yearXXX 37 YYYY 52\
\
inf.languages.think	Isabella is a woman from Spain. Isabella's language partner, Carlos, thinks that Isabella can speak __ languages fluentlyXXX 3 YYYY 6\
inf.languages.announce	Isabella is a woman from Spain. Isabella's language partner, Carlos, announced to me that Isabella can speak __ languages fluentlyXXX 3 YYYY 6\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 inf.goals.think	Matthew is a man from Canada. Matthew's coach, Amanda, thinks that Matthew scored ___ goals in the last soccer seasonXXX 12 YYYY 18\
inf.goals.announce	Matthew is a man from Canada. Matthew's coach, Amanda, announced to me that Matthew scored ___ goals in the last soccer seasonXXX 12 YYYY 18\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 inf.trips.think	Olivia is a woman from Australia. Olivia's travel companion, James, thinks that Olivia went on ___ trips last yearXXX 5 YYYY 9\
inf.trips.announce	Olivia is a woman from Australia. Olivia's travel companion, James, announced to me that Olivia went on ___ trips last yearXXX 5 YYYY 9\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
}